Butler, Octavia. Fledgling
Carter, Angela. The Bloody Chamber & Other Stories
Kafka, Franz. The Metamorphosis.
Liu, Marjorie. Monstress, Volume 1: Awakening

Angela Carter, "The Werewolf"
Angela Carter, "The Company of Wolves"
Brothers Grimm, "Little Red Cap"
Angela Carter, "The Tiger's Bride"
Mary Shelley, "Frankenstein"
Franz Kafka, "The Metamorphosis"
[EXCLUDE]H.P. Lovecraft, "The Call of Cthulhu"
W.B. Seabrook, "The Magic Island"
Bram Stoker, "Dracula"
Octavia Butler, "Fledgling"
Marjorie Liu, "Monstress (Vol. 1)"

Kanye West, "Monster"
Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
[EXCLUDE]The Fly
Alien
Night of the Living Dead
World War Z
Bram Stoker's Dracula
The Silence of the Lambs
Godzilla [Gojira]
District 9

Jack Halberstam says that "Monsters are meaning machines". In his quote, he refers to monsters as a negative identity, and to monstrosity as a technology. Technology can be wielded, and indeed monstrosity can too. By defining characteristics of a monster, one is creating a negative identity that exists outside of accepted social norms where those norms are the positive. The further detailed one gets in describing a monster, the more elaborately they describe their understanding of normal. This is not unlike what happens when a sculptor creates a relief in stone, but instead of defining characteristics of a monster the artist decides what part of the whole material needs to be removed. And as the artist removes more and more, a scultpure takes shape much like how the defining of a monster allows for the definition of norms to take shape. Monsters, in this way, are machines in how effectively they're able to churn out such definitions.



DRACULA
In Bram Stoker's Dracula, a vampire named Dracula from modern day Romania attempts to move to London, presumeably for the opportunity prey on a larger population and to establish a community of new vampires through his contagious bites. The story starts with the protagonist Jonathan Harker traveling to see Count Dracula at his Eastern European home. During Harker's stay in this foreign castle, he encounters three female vampires who--after being denied a lustful feast of Johnathans blood--are satiated by consuming a young child. Dracula eventually leaves for London, after which Johnathan makes his escape and travels home. Once in London, Dracula immediately starts drinking from 

...etc... nearly everyone from Draculas land whome Stoker chose to ellaborate on was vampiric or a slave to one, and these characters were seen crawling on exterior castle walls, and eating a young child. As soon as the story transitions to london, Dracula wastes no time to begin routinely draining the blood of the protagonist XXXX. Renfield appears under his spell, and eventually Mina is linked to dracula. The rest of the story is devoted to the group trying to stop this invasive foreigner.

Dracula hails from remote eastern european lands
He prays on other men's women, 'our mina'

Tigers Bride
Too smart
appearance


Alien??? Ash the robot officer





Like a relief cut from stone, if you define all of the stone which is not your sculpture, what your left with is the sculpture itself.